Let's take a step back and just recap on what we've learnt.
We've created objects in different ways.
We use object literal syntax, object constructor syntax, object, create syntax and we used cluster
syntax.
We've seen that JavaScript objects are a standalone entity, and every single object holds properties
and methods.
And remember, object properties just stall key or name value pays.
And properties and methods can be accessed using the dot or the square bracket notation and objects
are so dynamic and JavaScript that you can even pass objects by reference from one function to another.
Whoa.
Whoa, whoa.
I actually don't think I showed you an example of that.
Let me quickly show, you know, JavaScript is so dynamic and you can work with objects and functions
in such a dynamic way, more so than other languages.
And one of the ways is that you can pass objects by reference into other functions.
Let me show you what I mean.
So when me say objects can be passed by reference?
Into functions and to start off, let's just define a function, and we're going to have a whole section
on functions, so don't worry if you don't understand the syntax yet, but hopefully you'll be able
to follow along.
Let's call this function change name and this change name needs to be passed the user object.
This isn't just a variable.
This is a whole object.
It's going to be passed through it.
And the user name is going to be changed to John Doe.
And this is us creating a function.
And now let us create a person and how shall we create an object?
We've got one of four ways, don't we?
Well, I'm just going to use object to draw syntax because it is the most simple a person equal, open
and close, curly braces, and this has not actually created a person object.
And it's just have one property, and that property will be a name value up and the property name will
be name.
It it sounds confusing.
We could say first name and we can make that Wally.
Now, if we console.log this out, we should see that object.
They need to start quicker.
You got because running, you can see when you console a dead person, it's got a first name of Wally.
And what happens if we want to change that name?
Well, we can pass it into that function and this is what I mean.
That objects can be passed by reference into another function.
We just have to create this if name has to be the same as what we've done here.
So let me show you how it works.
All we need to do is we need to call the function.
And in this function, we are passing the person watching.
And now it's been done what his name is, change to John Doe.
Do you want to see?
Well, it's console.log up, person.
Now you got.
The first name is now John Doe.
Well, it's a double barrel, first name.
That's just what I mean by object can pass a reference into other functions.
Let's get back to the lecture.
OK, now that I showed you that example, I just want to stress this again with objects and the way
we create and there is no right way to create an object.
It's just going to have to come naturally to you.
The more you work with, the more you'll see where to use one object creation method over another.